## Abstract
This is a simple Recommendation webapp using django web framework.

## Description
### Datasets
> The 2nd International Workshop on Information Heterogeneity and Fusion in Recommender Systems (HetRec 2011, http://ir.ii.uam.es/hetrec2011) has released datasets from Delicious, Last.fm Web 2.0, MovieLens, IMDb, and Rotten Tomatoes. These datasets contain social networking, tagging, and resource consuming (Web page bookmarking and music artist listening) information from sets of around 2,000 users.
>
> The datasets were generated by the Information Retrieval Group at Universidad Autónoma de Madrid (http://ir.ii.uam.es). Before using these datasets, please review the README files for the usage license and other details.

- Downloadlink: [fxxk it 🖖](http://files.grouplens.org/datasets/hetrec2011/hetrec2011-delicious-2k.zip)
- Indexlink: [fxxk it 🤙](https://grouplens.org/datasets/hetrec-2011/)

### Files
   - user_contacts.dat - user_contacts-timestamps.dat

   These files contain the contact relations between users in the database.
   	
   	A contact relation is identified between two users when they belong to 
   	a mutual fan relation in Delicious.
   	
   	The files also contain the timestamps when contact relations were created in Delicious.
     
   - bookmarks.dat
   
    This file contains information about bookmarked URLs.
   
   - tags.dat
   
   	This file contains the set of tags available in the dataset.
   
   - user_taggedbookmarks.dat - user_taggedbookmarks-timestamps.dat
   
    These files contain the tag assignments of the bookmarked URLs provided by each particular user.
    
    They also contain the timestamps when the tag assignments were done.

   - bookmark_tags.dat
   
    This file contains the tags assigned to the bookmarked URLs, and the number of times 
    the tags were assigned to each URL.

## Data Reprocessing

- Mergement
    - [ ] merge bookmarks & bookmark_tags, then create a new file sava/book.dat whith headers [id, title, tagID, tagWeight, starts].
        > 
        
- Visualization
    - [ ] visiit `http://127.0.0.1:8000/tool/recommend/` ,which shows all datasets.